Who is the other homeboy surprise play Batman. Well,
a Christian bale was the best Batman,
in my opinion is what just his voice bothered me. Ooh. It was a little fake,
right? Yeah. When he was at Mel Batman, he's going to make a fake voice.
You're going to make a fake voice that people don't recognize.
You're Bruce Wayne. Yeah.
Don't you at least have like some mouth thing that Jimmy catchphrase or some
people would know that would be dope if you covered your face. Like,
why do we need to see the lower chin of Batman? First of all?
I don't think that's a good idea for protective measures.
The chin part is terrible because like, that's the part you'd want to punch.
And it would be like so white, if you're in a fight with that,
man, just shoot for the chin. You can't miss it.
You think you have camouflage on everywhere spot. You're get knocked out.
It's like, I deal with, he looks stupid
when he looked at it. It's the dumbest idea ever.
Like you're going to not protect the most vulnerable.
How about just open up the nose, nose part up to let your nose get smashed.
That's so crazy. That's so strange.
It's like Bruce Wayne from Batman in the light, Dan. And then, and then,
and then the Batman,
at least he didn't have like a protective suit on Adam West. No,
he just had that thing over his eyes. He was just in disguise.
This Batman is gotten to the point where he's in his,
like basically it was an armored suit and meanwhile, he doesn't cover his face.
He was going to war with Superman. Do you know how stupid data's and doing work?
How to look to sass? Superman is from another planet. He can fly so fast.
He makes the world spin backwards. He makes time goes backwards.
He can cut things in half with his eyeballs. He's got laser shoes,
pick his dumb up and carry him as high as he wants. And let some go. Yeah.
In space movies over could bring you to the sun. Yes. Throw you into the sun.
You talking about Hollywood, push it on my face. How,
how crazy is the idea that gravity is so dense on Superman's world?
That when he comes to earth, he can fly.
And then the atmosphere is so different than his body's Bulletproof,
but he looks just like us.